README.md, before:

# Getting Started with Create React App

This project was bootstrapped with [Create React App](https://github.com/facebook/create-react-app).

## Available Scripts

In the project directory, you can run:

### `yarn start`

Runs the app in the development mode.\
Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) to view it in the browser.

The page will reload if you make edits.\
You will also see any lint errors in the console.

### `yarn test`

Launches the test runner in the interactive watch mode.\
See the section about [running tests](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/running-tests) for more information.

### `yarn build`

Builds the app for production to the `build` folder.\
It correctly bundles React in production mode and optimizes the build for the best performance.

The build is minified and the filenames include the hashes.\
Your app is ready to be deployed!

See the section about [deployment](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/deployment) for more information.

### `yarn eject`

**Note: this is a one-way operation. Once you `eject`, you can’t go back!**

If you aren’t satisfied with the build tool and configuration choices, you can `eject` at any time. This command will remove the single build dependency from your project.

Instead, it will copy all the configuration files and the transitive dependencies (webpack, Babel, ESLint, etc) right into your project so you have full control over them. All of the commands except `eject` will still work, but they will point to the copied scripts so you can tweak them. At this point you’re on your own.

You don’t have to ever use `eject`. The curated feature set is suitable for small and middle deployments, and you shouldn’t feel obligated to use this feature. However we understand that this tool wouldn’t be useful if you couldn’t customize it when you are ready for it.

## Learn More

You can learn more in the [Create React App documentation](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/getting-started).

To learn React, check out the [React documentation](https://reactjs.org/).

Commit message:

update read-me with instructions (#10)
Update the ReadMe.

README.md, after:

# Cinema Center

A lightweight application that allows you to search for any movie in the world.

## Instructions for running the application

Navigate to the root of the project directory and run the following command:

### `yarn start`

Runs the app in the development mode.\
Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) to view it in the browser.

The page will reload if you make edits.\

Once the app is running in the browser, click the Search Bar and search for movies by title. To execute a search press the 'Search' button, or push `Enter`.

## Possibilities for the Future

If I had more time, I might choose to do any of the following:
1. Implement "search-as-you-type" functionality so the user doesn't have to press Enter or click 'Search' to fetch results.
2. Implement a Grid View to allow users to view movie search results in a grid if they're using the app on a desktop device (probably wouldn't work on mobile).
3. Solicit help from a designer to improve the app's color scheme.


### Frameworks Used

This project was bootstrapped with [Create React App](https://github.com/facebook/create-react-app).

### Author Information

**Developer:** Michael Kardjian\
**Date Sumbmitted:** October 18, 2021
